TAXII2 - Report obj issues (#29370)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/ReleaseNotes/2_0_45.md

#### Integrations

##### TAXII2 Server

> - Fixed an issue where the entity b of a relationship was returned when the relationship was revoked.
> - Fixed an issue where the relationship ref was missing when returning a relationship between a Report object and a File object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where after revoking a relationship the related indicator was still retrieved as part of a collection.
- Fixed an issue where the relationship reference was missing when returning a relationship between a report and a file.
```
